Add handling for from_regex and test for change (#3550)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch adds `re` to the imports for regex based strategies, if a `re`-based pattern is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch fixes missing imports of the :mod:`re` module, when :doc:`ghostwriting <ghostwriter>`
tests which include compiled patterns or regex flags.

Thanks to Jens Heinrich for reporting and promptly fixing this bug!
```
